Add getting started cards to link new docs (#361)
trinodb/trino.io: download.md

---

<div class="container">
   <!-- Card deck -->
    <div class="card-deck spacer-30">
    <div class="card mb-4">
        <div class="card-body text-center">
            <h3 class="card-header-title mb-3">Trino on Kubernetes</h3>
            <p class="card-text">Run Trino on 
              <a href="https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/">Kubernetes</a> using
              the <a href="https://trinodb.github.io/charts/">Trino Helm chart</a>.
              This allows you to deploy locally,
              or running full-scale systems on the cloud.
            </p>
            <a class="btn btn-pink" href="docs/current/installation/kubernetes.html">
                Try Trino on Kubernetes >>
            </a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="card mb-4">
        <div class="card-body text-center">

>             <h3 class="card-header-title mb-3">Deploy a Trino container</h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <h3 class="card-header-title mb-3">Run a Trino container</h3>
```

>             <p class="card-text">Run Trino using container tools like

Reviewer: Start Trino

              <a href="https://docs.docker.com/get-started/overview/">Docker</a>.

>               Use this method to get started without worrying about scalability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              Use this method to get experiment without worrying about scalability
```

              and orchestration.
            </p>
            <a class="btn btn-pink" href="docs/current/installation/containers.html">
                Spin up Trino on Docker >>
            </a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="card mb-4">
        <div class="card-body text-center">
            <h3 class="card-header-title mb-3">Deploy Trino manually</h3>

>             <p class="card-text">Use this method for fine-tuned deployments that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <p class="card-text">Use the tarball for fine-tuned deployments and
```

---

<div class="container">
   <!-- Card deck -->
    <div class="card-deck spacer-30">

>     <div class="card mb-4">

Reviewer: is it really mb-4 .. not md-4 ?

Author: I'm just following suite to the other cards just beneath.

Reviewer 2: This is right

            <h3 class="card-header-title mb-3">Run a Trino container</h3>
            <p class="card-text">Start Trino using container tools like
              <a href="https://docs.docker.com/get-started/overview/">Docker</a>.
              Use this method to experiment with Trino without worrying about scalability
              and orchestration.
            </p>
            <a class="btn btn-pink" href="docs/current/installation/containers.html">
                Spin up Trino on Docker >>
            </a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="card mb-4">
        <div class="card-body text-center">
            <h3 class="card-header-title mb-3">Deploy Trino manually</h3>
            <p class="card-text">Use the tarball for fine-tuned deployments and
              customizing the installment of Trino. Learn the fundamentals of
              deploying a Trino cluster.
            </p>
            <a class="btn btn-pink" href="docs/current/installation/deployment.html">
                Learn how to deploy Trino >>
            </a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <!-- Card -->
    </div>
    <!-- Card deck -->
  <div class="row spacer-60">
    <div class="col-md-12 text-center">

>        <h2>Downloads</h2>

Reviewer: The spacing here is off .. the gap to the cards is too big compared to the gap above the title .. not sure how to adjust

>     <div class="card mb-4">

Reviewer: We need a Downloads header or so here

Reviewer: Ping @bitsondatadev ?

        <div class="card-body text-center">
            <h3 class="card-header-title mb-3">Server package</h3>
            <p class="card-text">

>               See <a href="docs/current/installation/deployment.html">Deploying Trino</a>

Reviewer: Make this shorter since it duplicates stuff from above partially now

Reviewer: Ping @bitsondatadev ?
